[thunder rumbling]
[woman] It was raining.
[wind howling]
On that day,
the rain didn't let up.
[loud banging]
-[annoyed grunt]
-[grunts]
[banging continues]
Hey, you!
What the hell
you doing over there?
Cut that shit out!
It's annoying!
[sighs] It's all over.
I'm finished.
Damn that male prison guard.
Why'd he have to see me?
I can't... I can't live
this down anymore!
[wailing] I just want to die!
Damn it!
Hey, what's going on with you?
[woman] Come on,
tell me what happened.
While you're at it,
what's your name again?
Oh yeah, it's Jo... something.
Jolyne! That's it, right?
What'd he see anyway?
So, like... well, basically...
He, um...
Well, it's a word that
starts with "M."
Huh?
[groans] I mean...
you know... ugh.
I can't hear you!
[Jolyne] Like I said...
M--mas...
Uh... you know...
Mastur...
Oh god... bation, basically.
-Huh?
-[both exclaim]
Huh?
Wait... Are you kidding me?
[Jolyne] I'll never get married!
Did you just say
a guard saw you masturbating?
So he caught you flicking
the bean, huh?
[chuckles] Tell me,
which guard was it, huh?
[Jolyne] I woke up at dawn
this morning,
and I was looking at
the shape
of the bars on the window.
And the moonlight was
shining through just right,
so, I... um...
I started getting horny.
Then, uh... well, you know...
But when I looked up
from my bed,
I saw him standing there.
You probably know him.
He's the youngest guard here.
He was just standing outside
of my cell watching me.
The look on his face
was sickening.
It made me want to die!
[wailing] I just want
to end it all now!
Damn, for real?
Yeah, I know him.
He's a real handsome guy.
Oh my god.
So tell me. How much
did our peeping Tom see?
Know what?
I'm just gonna ask straight up.
Where were your panties?
They weren't at your ankles,
were they?
Is that something
you really need to know?
And there's no way
I'd tell you.
Anyway, I've already decided.
Until the day I die,
I won't even think
about masturbating again.
I swear on my life!
-Yeah, sure.
-We'll see about that.
-[cackling]
How the hell do
you get horny
from looking at
iron bars like that?
You're into freaky shit,
ain't you?
Shut your mouth,
you nosy skank!
Mind your own business
instead of eavesdropping
and judging people
you don't know!
It ain't like you've never
done it before!
[scoffs] I don't think
about doing pervy stuff
like you two hoes. [chuckles]
Who the hell are you anyway?
Back that up.
Bet I'll last longer.
You clod! The hell kind
of bet would that be?
Masturbating is
a dirty little secret
you keep to yourself,
so how are you supposed
to prove you didn't do it, huh?
If I said I could tell
by your left ring finger,
what exactly
would you do then?
You were brought in here
for something sex-related,
weren't you?
-You've got a pro's finger.
-[nervous grunt]
[ominous piano music playing]
[door buzzing]
-[keys jangling]
-[door unlocking]
[door opens]
Attention detainees
number 21, 22, and 29.
You're being transferred.
In an orderly fashion,
stand up
and place both of your arms
outside of the window.
Now, be real.
Was all that
ring finger crap true?
You a fortune teller?
-[woman] Part Japanese?
-[handcuffs click]
You're one interesting chica.
How'd you end up here?
What are you in for?
-[handcuffs click]
-I'm innocent.
-[music gradually fades]
-[siren rings]
[man] You're being prosecuted
for stealing a vehicle,
as well as
running someone over.
Given your history
of two previous thefts,
your bail definitely
won't be approved.
In other words, Jojo,
you will now
be transferred
to Green Dolphin Prison's
Custody Jail
to be tried for your crimes.
You need to get ready
for a trial.
Don't call me Jojo,
you hear?
Only my mother
calls me that.
Besides,
you're talking about history,
but all I did was
borrow a motorcycle for a bit.
And what does it even matter?
I was 14!
All that matters
is that I'm innocent here!
You better defend me
with your life.
You're not cheap, you know?
Of course I will.
For the sake of the law,
I'll try my best.
Jeez.
[sighs] Hey, when is Mama
coming to visit?
She's probably bawling
her eyes out.
She's bummed to be sure,
but more than anything,
she's worried for you.
I've brought
some things for her.
You won't be wearing
your prison uniform
during your trial, of course.
So there you'll find
a change of clothes,
as well as some vitamins,
reading material,
and your schoolwork.
[metal clinks]
What is this thing?
It appears to be a charm.
If you open it,
there's a small stone inside.
Apparently, when your father
divorced your mother,
he told her to
give this to you
if you were to find yourself
in trouble.
Hold on. Say what?
[yelps]
[both gasp]
[yells in pain]
[metal clanks]
[gasps] Jolyne, you okay?
Why you making a fuss?
Keep it down now!
It's nothing, sir!
Just a little scratch.
[metal clanks]
What kind of stone is this?
More important,
why are you bringing up
my deadbeat dad?
If you must know,
your mother has no way of
getting ahold of your father.
But you are his daughter.
[sighs in disbelief]
[music crescendos]
[lawyer] With his work
as a marine biologist,
he's been hard to pin down.
We last got word
that he's conducting research
somewhere in Africa,
so it's taking a while
to call him over.
What's the point of trying?
It's not like he'd come.
That prick's never here.
There's no way.
Not for that kind of guy.
So screw him
and his sinister crap!
[metal clattering]
[panting]
What?
[gasps]
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
When can I see you next?
We'll meet in two days
for your trial
at Green Dolphin Prison's
Custody Jail.
[woman] Oh, yeah.
Jolyne, didn't you say
you were innocent earlier?
[stiffly exhales]
It might be a custody jail,
but it's still established
in Green Dolphin Prison,
after all.
If you're being transferred
there, you might--
After the trial,
it'll all be clear.
There's no way
I'm gonna be sent to prison.
[muffled male voice]
Yeah.
Wwe're coming up
on the bridge now.
We should be arriving
in about ten minutes.
We're already there, huh?
They said
we'll be arriving soon.
Huh? What are you
talking about?
Didn't you just hear
the driver?
That's impossible.
Of course not.
We're going to be crossing
the bridge now.
We'll reach the prison
in ten minutes.
Understood.
Huh?
How'd you know
he was gonna say that?
Another of your
fortune-telling skills?
I'm not sure.
Why was I able to hear him?
It's a mystery to me too.
Oh, my. You're a funny girl.
Anyway,
the name's Ermes Costello.
I got caught robbing
a convenience store.
It's my second time,
so they're throwing me
in the slammer.
Ermes, huh? Nice to meet you.
[brakes screech]
[train bell in distance]
[man] Green Dolphin Street
State Prison
and it's custody jail.
Also known as the "Aquarium."
Lot area,
120 square kilometers.
Total detainees
include 708 men,
523 women,
and 452 juvenile delinquents
under the age of 18.
Hey, Jolyne.
Did you bring
any cash along with you?
Possibly.
Hey, hey.
I'm only trying to warn you.
If you don't walk
into that place
with at least
100 or 200 dollars,
things ain't gonna
work out too well.
Good luck if your pockets
are empty though.
You're gonna have to
watch your back
until you get someone
to bring you some.
So what?
I told you
I'm not going to prison,
so why do you even care?
Well, best to be prepared.
Besides, it's not like
you have any money either.
If you did, they would've
found it during the pat down.
You're naive, Jolyne.
There's lots of ways to
sneak money past the guards.
Don't tell me
you rolled it up
and stuck it up your ass
or some other part
of your body.
Ugh! I mean, it doesn't work
like in the movies, does it?
Are you dumb?
That's a rookie move.
They check those kind
of places right away.
Then where's yours, huh?
[scoffs]
I bet it's in your boobs.
Did you save some room
for cash
when you got
those implants put in?
-[sighs]
-Huh?
You're kidding.
I guess the cat's out
of the bag now.
Just don't tell anyone.
The stitch is small, right?
It'll bleed a little
when I take it out,
but I've got five 20s
hidden away in one side,
and two 50s stashed
in the other.
[brakes screech]
All right, we have arrived
at Green Dolphin Street
Prison Jail.
Number 21 and 29,
get off here.
Number 22, Ermes Costello.
You will not be
getting off here.
Huh?
[sighs]
-[door opening, buzzing]
what shit did you
step in this time?
[chuckles] Was it robbery?
Assault, maybe?
[gasps]
Hey Mr., did you just
say something to me?
Keep your head facing forward,
Number 21!
-[man] Come on, hand it over.
-[gasps]
I know
you're sneaking in money.
Don't try to hide it.
[stiffly exhales]
[Ermes's muffled voice]
I've got no idea
what you mean by that.
[Jolyne] I... I can hear it!
Something's been off
since earlier.
But these guards can't hear it.
Am I the only one?
It's just like what happened
before the bridge.
I can hear voices from afar!
[grunts in pain]
[gasps] This... this is...
[man] Quit holding out.
Give it to us!
This is your second stay
at the Aquarium,
so you should've known
to bring some!
What the hell is
going on here?
Cut the chatter right now,
Number 21!
[Jolyne]
Can they seriously not see
this thread-like thing
coming out?
Fine. Okay, already.
I'll take it out now.
-[sighs] This just won't do.
-[grunts]
This is chump change.
How am I supposed
to split this with my partner?
You got some
locked up tight
in your body somewhere,
don't you?
-Oh dear,
looks like the bus braked.
-[thumping]
-[Ermes yelling]
[thumping continues]
Please.
Please forgive me
with just that 50.
I'm all alone.
I ain't got nobody
to bring me some
from the outside.
-[music slows]
-That's why...
If I lose that money,
I'll be good as dead
the moment I walk in there.
You know,
your breasts are rather big
despite that muscular build.
Those titties are suspicious.
We should examine it, yeah?
[gasps]
[guard 1]
Hold her down. Would you?
-Sure thing.
-[grunts] What? Hey!
Hey, hey, hey! Stop!
Let go of me!
[grunts] Little bitch!
Who do you think you are?
Take this!
[whips]
[guard 1 grunts]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[squelches]
What...?
[baton clanks]
[guard screams]
How strange. What was that?
[gasps] Could all this be...
that thing's fault?
What the hell, Dad?
What kind of madness
did you send my way?
[door slams shut]
[Jolyne] Hey,
back when we met
at the police detention cell...
I threw away the pendant
you gave me, remember?
Do you know
what happened to it?
No. Sorry...
I can't say I recall.
Rather than that,
let's talk about the accident.
If you're going
to insist you're innocent,
I wanna make things clear.
When the accident happened,
who was driving the car?
Were you the one?
[sighs deeply]
[thunder rumbling]
Hey, I've been thinking
about something, Romeo.
Would it be okay if I started
calling you "Rocchu"
like as a pet name?
Yeah, sure.
But only if you say it when
I'm nowhere near you.
[laughs] Stop.
What's the point of that,
silly?
It's cute, you know?
[in cute voice]
Rocchu, I'm hungry. Meow!
Something like that.
Don't you think it's adorable?
No, not really.
What would I say to
my friends if they heard you?
Who cares what they think?
Haven't they ever
seen flirting?
Ever since
the day I was born,
my mama's called me "Jojo,"
so it means a lot to me.
You can use it too, Rocchu.
[Romeo chuckles] No, I'm good.
More important, I'm thirsty.
-Give me a sip, would you?
-What? No way.
This cocktail has
a ten percent alcohol level.
It's fine, don't worry.
Hey, "no" means "no", so no.
-[gasps] Romeo!
-[gasps]
[brakes screeching]
[panting]
[gasps] Romeo!
Did... did we...?
-[panting]
-Romeo!
[grunts] Oh, hell no.
-There's no way this is real!
-This isn't good.
[grunts, gasps]
[Jolyne screams hysterically]
We've got to call someone!
Romeo, he needs an ambulance!
[gasps]
Jolyne. Please, Jolyne.
Don't go doing anything crazy.
Put the phone down.
What are you saying?
We need to hurry and help him!
The guy's glasses are in
my windshield!
He's dead okay?!
You wanna run, don't you?
But we can't leave.
This was all an accident.
And we can't just run away.
This car is the evidence!
[Romeo] We'll report that
it was stolen!
We can't!
Jolyne!
Jolyne, I can't go to jail now.
If I do, our future is over!
Please, baby.
If I get locked up for this,
we won't be able
to see each other anymore.
I'm begging you here.
You were lying
when you told me you loved me?
No, of course not.
I do love you.
But this is all...
[gasps]
Here comes a car.
If they see us, it's over!
Jolyne!
Come on,
give me a hand here!
Look, this guy is dead.
Please, just help me, Jolyne!
I love you!
-Jolyne!
-[panicking]
[both grunting]
Jolyne, you should know.
The prosecutors believe
that you stole the car
and crashed it
while under the influence.
And Romeo?
What did he have
to say about it?
He's the one
who reported the theft.
This can't be happening.
Kill me now.
Were you really
the one driving?
Or was it Romeo?
[exhales]
I can't answer that.
All right, then let's do this.
Jolyne, have you ever heard
of "plea bargaining" before?
Basically,
it means the prosecutors
will ignore the DUI
as long as you admit
to all the other charges.
If you take the deal,
you'll only be charged with
theft and accidental homicide
with a suspended sentence
of about a year or two.
What did I say?
I told you to defend me
with your life!
I'm innocent!
Yes, I know.
But that is the deal
that they're offering you.
If at trial,
they deem you guilty,
you'll be locked up
for five years at least.
-You're running
out of time, Jolyne.
The trial is happening soon,
so you need to decide
if you're taking
a bargain or not.
[gavel slamming]
Defendant Cujoh.
Do you understand
all of the details
of the presented
plea bargain
and approve of it
without reservation?
[sighs] Yes, I approve.
Very well.
This court will take into
account that defendant,
Jolyne Cujoh has
pled guilty on all charges,
and given the fact
the said offense
was not premeditated,
we will also
be considering room
for the extenuating
circumstance.
However, this court cannot
forgive the act
of deliberately
killing the victim,
who was still alive,
by proceeding to throw him
into swamp land
in order to cover up
the evidence.
What do you mean
he was still alive?
Is that true?
Hey, what is
this old guy saying?
Deliberately killing?
-[tense music playing]
-[long sigh]
And so, defendant Jolyne Cujoh
is sentenced to 15 years
in Green Dolphin Street
State Prison,
where she will remain
under the watchful eye
of strict guards
to pay for her crimes.
-[gasps]
-[judge] Court adjourned.
Hold on. This can't be....
Seriously? Fifteen years?
But I bargained
like you told me to.
I admitted to the crimes,
didn't I? [panting]
Hey, Mr. Lawyer?
I defended you
the best that I could.
My work's done here.
You stay healthy now,
Jolyne Cujoh.
Hey! Where the hell
are you going?
Get back here!
You can't be serious!
I'm facing 15 whole years?
That's not what you said!
[guard]
Quit your squirming now!
I said get back here!
You bastard!
[lawyer]
You can breathe easy now.
The sentence
has been determined.
Thanks to the plea bargain,
she won't be able
to appeal to a higher court.
And this case will have
no further investigations.
Congratulations, Romeo.
Thank you, sir.
You really saved my ass here.
Don't mention it.
You can thank your wealthy
father for lining my pockets.
[Jolyne] It was you.
Romeo, Romeo.
Romeo!
Fifteen years.
Fifteen god damn years!
Fifteen years of
my youth gone,
just like that!
-[snaps]
-[gasps]
[screaming in pain]
[crying]
[door slams shut]
Listen up, prisoner!
In addition to the name
you got from the parent
that gave birth
to your sorry ass,
you'll be given
a welcome number
that the state
has appointed to you.
This prison is currently
at security level four.
You ain't going nowhere!
FE40536.
If you hear
this number called
at any time, even if
you're sitting on the shitter,
you will respond!
Drill that into your brain!
[stiffly exhales]
[guard] FE40536,
we will now conduct
a full body search.
Remove all clothing
and place everything
into the tray in front of you.
Now get to stripping!
On the double!
Remember this.
You gotta teach
the trash a lesson from
the beginning
by humiliating them
real good.
What the hell are you doing?
I told you to strip, didn't I?
That means everything,
including your panties!
And then stick your ass--
You want me to be
on all fours or no?
Would facing upward
be better?
Or would you rather
I do a bridge for you?
[stifled breathing]
-[camera clicks]
-[stiffly exhales]
[grunts]
You... you asshole!
[growls] How dare you walk away
so shamelessly.
Oh, my. It's warm in here.
My shirt's all sticky.
Looking like rain might fall.
Would you like to sit
in the chief's office
for a breather?
The AC works well in there.
That won't be necessary.
Since the documents
have been submitted
and formalities complete,
I'm heading out.
I worry though.
This heat is nothing compared
to what my client
has been through.
Fifteen years.
And still so young.
It's the lack of my ability.
Oh, not at all.
As far as lawyers go,
you're a diamond in the rough.
That reminds me.
A moment ago, Jolyne Cujoh
gave me a letter
addressed to you
and asked me
to pass it along.
The content's have
been checked.
I see.
[Jolyne]
Pass this on to him too.
Feeling comfy?
But you will keep sweating.
Now and forever.
[lawyer] What?
You might be out of
my reach right now,
but I won't be
powerless forever.
There's no way
I'm waiting 15 years.
I'm going to find you.
As for you Romeo,
goodbye for now,
my first love.
[groans]
The air in there was stifling.
Save me, AC.
Phew, that is so much better.
Breathing the same air
as those scums of the earth
is one of the worst parts
of working this job.
But what can you do?
[music suddenly intensifies]
[grunts]
[choking] I can't breathe...
[coughs] My neck.
There's something...
thread-like is strangling me.
Is it the damn AC
that's drying out my throat?
Hurry up and turn off already!
[screams]
[brakes screech]
[Jolyne] So I can use it
like this too, huh?
It reacts to
my thoughts and feelings,
and I can control it
with the strength of my will.
I understand why
he gave me the pendant.
So I can protect myself.
Oh, my.
This is going to be fun.